c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\WebCrawler.dll.config
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\WebCrawler.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\WebCrawler.pdb
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\WrapperEntities.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\WrapperEntities.pdb
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\obj\Release\WebCrawler.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\obj\Release\WebCrawler.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Info344Final\WebCrawler\obj\Release\WebCrawler.pdb
